Salty Concrete Gecko

Invalid

# Reentrancy Vulnerability in deposit and withdraw Functions

### Summary

The deposit and withdraw functions transfer tokens after updating the state variables which can cause a reentrancy.

### Root Cause

In PreDeposit.sol:104, the _deposit function updates balances[recipient] and reserveAmount before transferring tokens with IERC20(params.reserveToken).safeTransferFrom, which is susceptible to reentrancy attacks.

In PreDeposit.sol:120, the withdraw function updates balances[msg.sender] and reserveAmount before transferring tokens with IERC20(params.reserveToken).safeTransfer, which is susceptible to reentrancy attacks.

### Internal Pre-conditions

The params.reserveToken is a malicious ERC20 contract that implements a callback function.

The attacker deposits or withdraws tokens.

### External Pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

A user (or attacker) calls deposit or withdraw.

The _deposit function updates the contract state and then transfers tokens using safeTransferFrom.

The withdraw function updates the contract state and then transfers tokens using safeTransfer.

The malicious token contract calls back to the deposit or withdraw function before the transaction finishes, potentially leading to unexpected results.

### Impact

Reentrancy could allow an attacker to manipulate balances or withdraw more funds than they are entitled to, or bypass the deposit cap.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement a check-effects-interactions pattern, by transferring the tokens before changing any state.