Jovial Turquoise Scallop

High

# USD token blacklisted attacker can get whole reserve tokens from protocol

### Summary

Attacker can submit the worst bid - lowest `sellCouponAmount` and very huge amount of `buyReserveAmount` before fullfilled.
This will be lowest bid and this will be last index of bids. TotalCoupon tokens are fullfilled so auction can be finalized.
Attacker can be blacklisted from USDC.
After that, if other users bid, lowest bid must be removed but `Auction` contract can't send USDC tokens (coupon token) to blacklisted attacker.
It will always reverts and the malicious bid will be accepted.
After ending, Attacker can claim reserve tokens.
Bid is the malicious, so attacker can get almost amount of reserve tokens from Pool.

### Root Cause

`Auction` contract sends coupon tokens to lowest bidder directly and coupon token can be USD token.
This causes problem.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-12-plaza-finance/blob/main/plaza-evm/src/Auction.sol#L286

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-12-plaza-finance/blob/main/plaza-evm/src/Auction.sol#L325

### Internal Pre-conditions

Coupon token must be USD token.

### External Pre-conditions

User must be blacklisted after bid from USD token.

### Attack Path

1. Attacker bids the worst case - small amount of reserve token and huge amount of reserve token.
2. After bid, attacker must be blacklisted from USD token.
3. Other users can bid better cases but those fail.
4. Attacker gets huge amount of reserve tokens.

### Impact

Attacker can drain whole reserve tokens from protocol.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implements claim mechanism.
Don't send coupon tokens to bidder directly - especially USD tokens.